ID-0887	I arrived at the hotel around 1pm and was told check in was at 2pm but I could go ahead and put my stuff in my room. When I walked in, I realized the housekeeper was there. I left my two bags and lunch for two that I had just purchased and asked her where I should leave them. She directed me to the top of the microwave. When I returned, my food had been tossed in the trash. When I spoke with the owner, he yelled at me and told me it was my fault. He refused to refund my money so I stayed for a couple of hours. I found cockroaches in my room. I took off and never got a refund. When I reported to better business bureau, owner closed the case by saying I had been refunded which was a lie because I NEVER received a single penny back. Worst experience of my life. The owner was so nasty, he made me cry in front of other guests. His son who sat behind the reception desk wore no shoes. It was disgusting. I was there for the weekend because I was considering attending the college, needless to say, I never went back to that town.
ID-0881	The Radisson Lackawanna Station Hotel, located in downtown Scranton, PA is perhaps one of the worst hotels I have ever had the opportunity to reside at. The hotel staff is rude, unknowledgable and inconsistent. The hotel room itself was dirty. There was a used bar of soap in the shower, a burnt out lightbulb in the nightstand lamp and multiple hairs in the sheets. The housecleaning staff have foul mouths and talk about racy, inappropriate subjects with guests around. I would highly recommend staying elsewhere if you are visiting Scranton, PA.
ID-0965	I have stayed at many La Quinta's but, the La Quinta Inn San Diego Scripps Poway absolutely stinks. Motel 6 would have been a better choice. The room I had was grungy and had distinct unpleasant odor. The complementary breakfast was bagels and cereal with coffee or apple juice. The ice machine was busted so there was no ice. I would only stay here if I had no other options. They advertise $79 but I ended paying $103. Way too much for this place.
ID-0954	This hotel provided a great continental breakfast. The parking lot was well lit and safe. Easy access from the freeway with drive-thru's close by. Room was comfortable and quite.
ID-1140	This hotel is a beautiful and historic landmark in beautiful downtown Richmond. It's outer beauty reflects it's inner beauty. High ceilings, art deco look, give this hotel the feel of Old Richmond in the modern day. The staff is courteous, polite, and on the ball about all questions and requests. Also, the rooms are sizeable, the beds are comfortable, and are just as beautiful as the lobby and outside. There is also a great restaurant/bar called Le Maire that incorporates classic southern foods with a modern style. Overall, the experience was amazing, and surprisingly the hotel is not overly expensive. A+.
ID-0877	I was not a big fan of this hotel. The room was alright, standard hotel mattress, good TV, but there was some mismatched paint on the walls and other little details that seemed off. Also, there was no free breakfast--you had to pay at the restaurant downstairs. Also, the reason that we picked this hotel was that it had an indoor pool and we were staying in March. Even though it was indoors, the pool was still freezing cold. There was also a cigarette butt in the hot tub. They had put in a fake waterfall using sandstone at one end of the pool. The water was eroding the rocks, and there was sand all over the pool area, including in the pool.
ID-0890	I loved this hotel! When we walked in it smelled especially clean. The beds were very soft and the view was amazing! The bathrooms were super clean and the shower was amazing! The television had many channels to choose from. We loved the staff! They were all very friendly and helpful. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone staying in the area!
ID-1077	I thought when I went to stay at the Japan House Suites that it was going to be a decent hotel. But, when they say you get what you pay for the are correct. They were not helpful, the rooms were dirty, and it was very noisy. All night I could hear noises coming from the guests on the other side of me. And in the morning when I complained to front desk about the noise and that my room was unclean they acted as if I had lied to try to get cost off of my room. Even though I had never mentioned that I wanted my room cheaper, I was just informing them of the conditions I was forced upon that night. If I would have known the circumstances of this hotel I would have paid a little extra to stay at a better hotel.
ID-1137	The Residence Inn Marriott is not a great hotel to stay in at all. I slept there once and believed that I got bed bugs from one of their rooms.  I also did not have a great experience with their staff as they did not seem to be very friendly. This especially was a turn off when I had left something in my room one time and they could not locate the item for me shortly after check out.  Finally, I felt that their prices were a bit high due to a recent rate hike they had which was over a $30/night increase.   I will never stay at this hotel again.
ID-1141	The wyndham rio mar absolutely stunk. It had horrible staffing and the food at the restuarants stunk. It was also too close to a residential neighborhood where I'm not sure what type of activity goes on there.
ID-1063	some of the down sides are that some of the regular rooms are a bit on the cramped side, along with there bathrooms. In addition to exuberant prices put on them and the room service, after all it is a luxury hotel. most of the state rooms and suits are a grand spectacular to behold, until you look out your window and see what looks like a giant space ship wreck of modern art museum Roanoke calls The Taulbman center, which inevitably clashes with the decor of the 150 year old Victorian looking hotel, all in all it would 4 stars for me
ID-0979	Of all of the hotels a person stays at, when he or she hears the name “Hilton” you know to expect quality. Even on lower quality hotels Hilton lives up to the name that is brought by the chain. When I decided on a Hilton, in Chicago, right on Michigan Avenue I expected the best in service and quality. Apparently I was expecting too much.  We were checking in on a Saturday afternoon and told we could not check-in early. We let the valets take our cars, with our luggage, and decided to walk around until we could check-in. Our mistake. We really should have just gone and stood in line. When it came time to check in there were lines that nearly reached the door, even with every counter being attended to. It took us over an hour to check in to the hotel. I am not even sure why because when we checked in it was a matter of quickly processing and then giving us a key. Our check-in did not take longer than five minutes, and the staff was not all together friendly about it.   We went up to our room, which was one of the smallest rooms I've ever stayed in, and even in Chicago the price was bleeding someone dry. The bathroom was a mess of toilet paper just being slung about and the remote had no batteries. This was not a case of the hotel taking the batteries unless they are requested because when I told the employees about the mistake they asked me if I was sure there were no batteries.   We left for the day and returned late at night. I threw the deadbolt on the door, because we were in Chicago at night, and my friend and I went to order dinner from room service. As we were deciding on dinner someone tried to get into our room. A guest. Who had the right key. If the dead bolt had not been on the door the man would have walked in. I pushed the door further closed and told him we were calling management. Management came up, and hardly cared as they explained he was given the wrong key and escorted him away from our room. I asked if we could be changed to a different room and was told we could not because the hotel was full.   Now we slid something in front of the door as well once our dinner arrived to keep any other unwanted visitors away. It did not take long before there was another one. A maid tried to walk right into our room. She asked if we needed the room cleaned. Considering I had never bothered to complain about the bathroom I hardly saw a reason why at nine at night a maid would believe we needed the room cleaned. I once again was calling management, who never got back to me on that one.  Despite telling management of our problems with the hotel, and the staff, and the food (which was overcooked and they tried three times to charge us for something we didn't order) all we received upon check-out was an, “I'm sorry. Thank you for staying at Chicago Hilton.”   I will not be going back there, or to any Hilton if I can help it.
ID-1207	The sheraton hotel is not a place I would recommend to anyone. It was gaudy and overpriced. The staff was ill mannered and rude. My room looked like a cheesy college dorm. The bed was way too soft and it kept making noise. The bathroom was cold and un relaxing. It reminded me of a hospital latrine. The food was greasy and disgusting. They had a whole menu with nothing even remotely appetizing. The pool was way on the top floor. It kept locking people out because the card key mechanism was short circuited. It did not have any other ammenities like, a spa. This place was a disaster in my eyes.
ID-0837	I stayed here for two nights with a friend. First, I must mention that I live in the city, but this hotel was more convenient to where we wanted to go (the Pennsylvania Convention Center). But I would never stay here again, not even for that reason. Check in was supposed to be at 3. Our room wasn't ready until 5:30. Already a major strike against them, but whatever. Then our room smelled like smoke (and the entire hotel is supposed to be non-smoking). My friend has asthma, so that was a no-no. It was another hour to get another room. The view was nothing special, but we didn't really expect it to be. The next day, when we came back from the convention, it turned out that they hadn't even cleaned our room! There was NO reason for it to be dirty. We complained, and they didn't care. Horrible staff and very rude. We'll never stay here again!
ID-1148	This hotel was very nice and acommodating. We arrived around 10pm without reservation and wanted a room. Not only did we get a suite for less than 100 dollars, the lady at the front desk allowed us to swim in the pool one hour later than closing. We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves in the indoor heated pool, and the room was very nice as well. We were within walking distance of local restaurants as well. The room was very clean and comfortable, and the staff was amazing.
ID-1019	This hotel was infuriating the first night I arrived. I was scheduled for a reservation for two nights, and upon arriving with my confirmation number personally given by the sales manager of the hotel I was told that the reservation was only for one night. The entire hotel was booked and I was unable to get the room I had called ahead to make sure was still available. After this, I was pointed to another hotel to get a room there comped by the hampton inn. The problem was that they tried to make me pay once I arrived there as Hampton Inn listed me as a walk-in.
ID-0994	We weren't sure what to expect at this hotel since there were some old bad reviews. We were very pleasantly surprised. The service and friendliness of the staff was excellent. The room was clean and it was one of the most comfortable beds we have slept on in a hotel.  We had the corner suite with a fantastic view of the ocean and Point Lobos. Great spot if you enjoy hiking and beachcombing. Nice to have the little cafe downstairs which has good coffee and sweets for breakfast. Close to a perfect stay.
ID-1198	Stayed in the hotel to visit family in the Eugene/Springfield area. Great location just off the I-5. The rooms were clean and the staff was very friendly. Our rate was really reasonable and it included a very nice breakfast. The breakfast had a lot of choices from eggs to pancakes, fruit and breakfast pastries. There was an indoor pool and it is pet friendly. The hotel was a pleasant surprise
ID-1185	The rooms here need to seriously be updated. Paint is chipping, ants are terrible in the rooms. We had a room with two Queen beds and the bathroom was very small. There is no refrigerator or microwave in the rooms. The food is terrible unless you like bland food. We tried to go to the Italian restaurant one night, but were not able to because my husband wasn't wearing dress pants. He was not allowed in with dress shorts on. I think that is terrible, we are PAYING for the variety in food, and can't eat it unless we look how they want us to. Next time, I'll stay elsewhere.
ID-1048	I enjoyed my stay at the hilton hotel The room service the free wifi as well. The room waS very clean the people was very nice.
ID-1172	The Vallarta Palace is a five star resort off the shores of the beautiful western Mexican coast line. Located in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco Mexico, this all inclusive resort has everything you need to experience the high life. Jaccuzzi's are located in all the hotel rooms, along with 24/7 access to room service and all you can eat, buffet style dining with themes from all throughout the world. Entertainment is available daily, and the resort lies right on the beach. The resort has three bars, two located poolside, along with high level service. You get a lot for this package, at a relatively affordable price.
ID-1133	For me, this hotel was a total letdown. I've been hearing about it for years, but from what I saw, the truth is that the Empress is showing her age. From the old-fashioned, heavy exterior to the outdated interior color schemes, this hotel may impress older ladies who lunch or anyone else naive enough to shell out over fifty bucks for afternoon tea.  I read that various part of the hotel were in better repair than others. I guess I must have been stuck in a bad section! The carpet was visibly worn, the paint was a little chipped, the furniture was very bland. The elevator across the way rattled and whirred all night long.  With so many new, modern hotels all around the harbor, I'm not sure why anyone in their right mind would pay so much for such a mediocre experience. Maybe this hotel was something special in the past, but those days are long gone!   One last complaint: for the prices they charge for food, the service is slow and spotty. It's hard to justify tipping twenty percent on a five-hundred dollar dinner bill when the waiter appeared exactly three times and then disappeared.  Do yourself a favor. Walk into the Empress, look around at all the 'history' and then hightail it to one of the many beautiful, modern hotels all around you!
ID-0824	The hotel was very nice and everything that I expected. Staff was very helpful and courteous and the rooms were extremely clean and linens were always fresh. Great breakfast bar in the mornings!
ID-1218	La Quinta Inn and Suites chain offers the best stay for the money nationwide. The rooms are clean and favorably decorated and usually offer a refrigerator and a microwave standard. There is free wi-fi and satellite channels, as well. Most La Quintas offer a swimming pool and continental breakfast and welcome both kids and pets. The price for a stay is low end and the La Quinta Inns are generally located for easy access off the Highway. For restful, clean lodging at an affordable price, choose La Quinta Inn and Suites.
ID-1255	Our stay at Indian Hills Taos Plaza was a disaster. The desk clerk gave us room keys that didn't work, which caused a delay that cost us a dinner reservation. And to make matters worse, the hotel is located on Taos' main drag, so we were kept up by noisy traffic all night. The next day the housekeeping staff stole our iPad from the room. Avoid Indian Hills!
ID-1083	While recently traveling through Alabama on my way to Georgia I decided I wanted to stop for the night so I pulled over in Phenix City, Alabama at the Quality Inn. That was my first mistake. As I walked up to the counter I noticed that the desk worker was off in the corner using the internet that was supposed to be for the guests. After I got his attention he put me in a room on the top floor. I was a little bit peeved because I did not see many cars outside but I decided not to say anything about it. As soon as I got in my room I noticed that it was horribly humid so I turned on the air conditioner. Unfortunately it only blew hot air so I decided just to go to bed. I awoke the next morning to a maid pounding on my door asking me if I wanted fresh towels. I decided to check out and didn't even try the breakfast. Hopefully I won't be forced to stay there ever again!
ID-1220	Wow.   That is quite simply the first word that comes to mind when I think about the Cannery Pier Hotel. And the second. And even the third. My wife and I went to this hotel for our honeymoon, and spent an absolutely marvelous week here.   First and foremost, I have to say the staff here is simply incredible. Friendly, warm, and genuinely caring, they make you feel like you're visiting close friends or family rather than staying at a hotel.  Now, on to the hotel itself. We arrived early afternoon, a couple hours before check in time. The first surprise we had was that they had our room ready and allowed us to check in early. After a couple of hours on the road, this was very welcome indeed.   The room was absolutely beautiful. We stayed in the one bedroom suite, and the pictures simply do not do it justice. The wraparound deck provided a place to sit and watch the ships go by in the Columbia River (they even provided a complimentary set of binoculars!), or to just relax and watch the birds fly by. The jetted tub is big enough for two (and I'm a pretty tall guy) and was comfortable enough to never want to get out.  One of the treats at CPH is the wine hour. At 5:00, the staff puts out bagels, cream cheese, and lox, and then pours glasses of wine from different local vineyards for the guests. And again, this is complimentary!  If you want to go out for dinner, the staff will be happy to make reservations for you at any of a number of local restaurants, ranging from laid back pubs to upscale seafood restaurants. And when it's time to go to dinner, one of their staff will drive you to the restaurant in the hotel's 1939 Buick Towncar (I noticed from their website that they've added a 1938 Packard and a 1945 Caddilac). When you are done with dinner, the restaurant staff can simply call the hotel and the car will be by to pick you up. Again, this is a complimentary service. Just part of what makes CPH so special (we did give the driver a healthy tip every night we went out).   Finally, one of the things that actually has stuck with me since our honeymoon (and has us returning there every year for our anniversary, at least for one night) is this: About halfway through our stay there, my wife got sick. I went to the lobby, and asked the night clerk where the nearest drug store was. The next morning, when we came down for breakfast, the day clerk stopped us to ask how my wife was doing. The simple fact that they cared enough to make sure she was feeling better absolutely amazed us.  We look forward to spending many more anniversaries at this wonderful hotel.
ID-1249	I have no negative comments about this hotel.
ID-1229	This hotel was totally overpriced for what you get. The wifi isn't free, the food is expensive, and you don't get a microwave or fridge in the room. Worst yet, it's near the airport so you hear the roar of airplane engines all night and day long. It was too ritzy for my tastes and there's no way I would stay there again.
ID-0842	I choose Quality Inn because of the name. It boasted fair prices for a quality room. When I walked it in, the first desk clerk was real nice, and insisted I get a bottom room for safety since I was a young woman staying the night. When I got into my room I was pleased. It smelled nice, with two beds and plenty of pillows. They had a flat screen t.v. with good channels to surf as well anything I wanted to order for watching. Also the bathroom was fairly clean with a good amount of towels and such. Overall nice room for a good price.
ID-1186	What a beautiful resort! Landscaping is beautiful throughout, but especially by the wedding pavilion. While we were there, there were three different restaurants open. You had to made reservations for the Italian restaurant (dress code) and the Seafood restaurant, but the buffet was open during all hours. There was also a small grill by the pool that served American sandwiches. Food was good. The best part was the activity crew! They were fabulous! I highly recommend this as a great place to take the family!
ID-0831	Me and my fiance recently stayed at the Trump Plaza. it was our first time to AC together and i must say it was a blast. They gave us some great Casino starters, getting 20 tier points get a free 25 dollars. Were not even big gamblers but said what the hell. We ended up winning 250 dollars in slots. It was a blast. Our hotel view was great, we stayed in one night, rented a movie, and order some room service. Even the food was great ( over priced, but all hotels are). Well worth it, Inexpensive and enjoyable
ID-1050	I attended the Sea View hotel in New Jersey and I was totally blown away by how beautiful it was. My friend and I spent the weekend there for his brother's wedding and I felt so lucky! It was like a mini vacation being there. The beds were so soft and the pillows felt amazing, it was great to crash in bed after a long day. The views were fantastic and the hotel itself is just so stunning to look at. They did a really great job with the wedding and the staff was really nice aside from one ornery valet. They have an on sight restaurant that has fantastic food, I had a chicken wrap and it was really on point. Everything about this place was perfect! I really enjoyed my stay and I totally recommend it for everyone else!
ID-1058	I stayed at this hotel, oh, must have been a year ago now; they were fixing a hole in my wall at home, and I needed to get out for a couple nights to let them work. It was just down the street.  I was really surprised at how nice the stay was. The room TV was impressively large, which is, of course, my main concern. That and the complimentary high speed Internet access, of course.  About the only thing I didn't like about the place was a little quibble about the bill -- nothing major, just some food cost more than I thought it did. I paid, and the staff were courteous even when I was in the wrong and popping off like a moron.  Overall, it was a decent experience, and if I ever stumble when I'm carrying a chair around my house and put a hole in the wall again, I'll probably stay there again.
ID-0940	It was awesome to stay at a place where so many people from Hollywood's past have stayed. Almost everything in the hotel felt like it must have been the way it was when the place was built, with a few changes to make it more updated. There was a big pool in the courtyard type of area, and it seemed to be a hot spot for some locals, since they allow the public to use their pool. There was also a bar, which added to the party atmosphere. The rooms had old style windows that nearly came down to the floor and had so much character. We had all of our necessities, and it was so easy to get around from there to all of the best attractions in San Diego.
ID-1176	The Seminole Hotel was awesome! Just the spirit and liveliness of the property was uplifting. My family and I entered through and we were greeted and asked if we needed help with our luggage. The hotel attendant was also very pleasant. She was very informative about the upcoming festivals and events. We decided to try the casinos and then later hit the room. The entire building was clean, spacious, bright, and easy to navigate. The employees politely directed us to the poker tables where my family spend well over $400. With our luck, we ended up losing everything. As we returned to the hotel, one of the staff members noticed our disappointment and brought us warm blankets to our room. This simple, but sweet gesture signified how pleasant the employees were. I would come back any day.
ID-0846	The Sheraton Garden Grove Anaheim South Hotel boast of many of the luxuries of a normal Sheraton but with a lower price range. Save money on luxury for your trip with your family as you spend the week visiting Disneyland and Anaheim. There is a pool, plenty of parking and the hotel is conveniently located by many local shops and restaurants. This is one of the new hotels on the Anaheim strip,so the facilities are newer and more modern. There is also wi-fi, cable, and a Sheraton staff to help with every wish. This is definitely worth a stay and you will save money if your a budget conscious traveler.
ID-0932	My husband and I took a vacation out of state and chose to stop at the Motel 6 because of its fair pricing. Despite the inexpensiveness, this hotel provided top-notch service! The room cleaners and front desk were incredibly helpful, and made sure our stay was comfortable. They even gave us great recommendations of places to visit on our trip. The room was a little old-fashioned but immaculately clean, and they had great coffee. We also loved the quiet environment they created. One of the best parts of our stay was lounging by the pool or enjoying the peace and relaxation in a room while watching something on the TV. Overall, for the price, this was definitely the best option for us.
ID-1163	The Naples Grande Beach Resort by Waldorf Astoria portrays itself as one-of-a-kind, when in reality it is no different from other hotels in the area. Although it is located very close to the ocean, you need to access it on a golf cart, or trek through the mosquito-dense path. Charges for beach chairs, towels, etc., are exorbitant given the already high rates for the hotel.  If you are looking for calm and relaxation you may want to explore other options. The hotel features a family-friendly pool with water slides and other activities which carries with it a slew of children and teenagers splashing and yelling all day long. Their poolside service is available to all, but short on staff so if you are really thirsty you may want to bring your own water bottle. All in all, even if the property is nice, its price is overrated for an area that offers comparable services at a fraction of the cost.
ID-1053	This hotel was decent, but I will not be coming back to stay here. There was only one bed, leaving my daughter to sleep on a pull out couch with thin covers. The pool and hot tub were closed before we even got back to the hotel, so we could not use them. The continental breakfast did not have very many options for us. Overall, our experience at this hotel was decent, but nothing worth praise.
ID-0861	My feelings upon arrival at the Hampton Inn in Manhattan, Kansas were generally positive. The lobby was clean and bright. The positive feelings didn't last long because the guy who who checked me in was very nosy, and asked too many questions about my desire for a pillow that was not filled with down feathers. My room was on the first floor, which was okay except that it was right next to the gym and pool. The room was clean but ugly and outdated. The air seemed wet in there, and the AC barely cooled the room down even though I set it on 65 degrees. The breakfast was good, but the staff was rude. I was happy to check out.
ID-1170	I took a trip with my girlfriends to Vegas for a weekend and we decided to book at the Luxor, Not only is a super cool building but we couldn't beat the price! It was only $46/night! Everything from the food to the pool was 5 stars in my book. As we were walking around the hotel on the 2nd day, one of the hotel staff gave me and my friends free ticket to the Chris Angel show! It was AMAZING and we were so excited to have the tickets for free! I think that the staff at the Luxor really try to please their visitors and I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to have a good time in vegas without spending their whole life savings.
ID-0888	This is a great place to stay if you need a place to crash while you get to know the beautiful SLO area. It is conveniently located near shopping, starbucks and the grocery store. There is an on-site swimming pool if you want to stay on the premises and relax as well as ample parking. The price is very competitive with the area. This is a family operated business so you'll feel right at home.
ID-0851	This was an outrageously expensive hotel and the stay was awful. We had a suite that cost $1,400 a night. It started with a rude desk agent who behaved as if they were doing us a favor by checking us in. I asked a few questions about the room we had been assigned and was met with an attitude. When we went to the room we discovered that it was substantially smaller than the one we had last time even though it was a full $400 a night more. I wen back to check in to ask for another room and was told there were no others available. That first night we were bitten by fleas all night. In the morning when I complained they offered to switch us to another room but refused to do anything else like credit us for the first night's stay. They said that because the room we were being switched to was an upgrade that should more than make up for our inconvenience. I actually had to seek medical attention because of the bites. The hotel offered nothing to make up for our horrible stay and the manager never contacted me when I wrote a formal complaint. We had stayed there 3 times previously and were shocked at their lack of appreciation for repeat customers.
ID-1080	I always enjoy my stay at the Marriot Grand Vista. It is one of the options for my Marriot timeshare, and I go there a lot when my parents are in town. My father enjoys the golf seminars and a chance to play, and my mom enjoys the pool and other activities. I love the fact that they have specific activities for teens. I recently sent my teenage daughter to DisneyQuest with the other teens from the hotel, courtesy of Marriot. It was a great oppotunity for her to have fun and for me to spend some quiet vacation time. Love the location, and the rooms are always well taken care of.
ID-0838	I stayed in this beautiful hotel for two nights with someone. Although I live in this wonderful city, staying in this hotel has changed how I feel about it - for the better! The receptionist greeted us the moment we walked in the door. Our room was very comfortable - the bed was amazing! - and the view of the city was amazing, with a great view of the skyline. We enjoyed our stay and we plan on staying here again!
ID-1165	The Polynesian is a nice hotel but way too expensive just to sleep. We could have done better staying outside the Disney Resort at a less expensive hotel and using the extra money to spend inside the park.   Way too overpriced just to sleep. Lots of good motels outside the resort that are way less expensive.
ID-0844	The Wine Country Inn is a very clean, safe place to stay. Our cleaning standards are very high and all rooms are triple checked for cleanliness. All rooms are cleaned and disinfected by hand to ensure the highest quality of clean.   At the Wine Country Inn, our staff is exceptionally friendly and knowledgable of our area. We have staff on hand all hours of the day and night to accommodate your needs.   Our location is perfect for travelers passing through. Located near the freeway on/off ramp and close to downtown shopping. There are many restaurants near by and we offer a book full of local entertainment.   You can easily book a reservation online or stop by our office to check for room availability. Online reservations are prefered to ensure you a room. You can call ahead to secure a room or inquire about local events and make your reservation around the event of your choice.   Call or stop by and welcome to the Wine Country Inn.
ID-0857	There were many teens staying there. They stayed up all hours of the night partying. You couldn't enjoy sitting on your porch without some drunk coming up to you and pestering you.
ID-0853	This place is horrible. The guest service pays you no attention. The other people staying there are trash, mainly prostitutes and junkies.
